1.  stdint.h is the header file that allows programmers to write portable code. This is achieved by providing a set of typedefs
that specify exact-width integer types, and defining the minimum and maximum allowed values of each type, with the use of macros.

2.  The point of using uint32_t, uint8_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program is to
    These datatypes aliases for C primitive datatypes.

    INT is a 32-bit signed integer
    INT32 is a 32 bit signed integer. The first bit is the signing bit.
    UINT8 is an 8-bit unsigned integer, so the first bit is not reserved for signing.
    UINT16 is a 16-bit unsigned integer.
    UINT32 is a 32-bit unsigned integer.

3.  BYTE: 8 bits, 1 byte
    DWORD: 32 bits, 4 bytes
    LONG: 32 bits, 4 bytes
    WORD: 16 bits, 2 bytes

4.  First two bytes of any BMP file are always reserved for the Bitmap file header, which consists of 14 bytes and
stores general information about the bitmap image file.
    The header field to identify BMP (and DIB) files is 0x42 0x4D in hex, and BM in ASCII, which is 66 77 in decimal.
    The first two bytes have offset hex 00, and offset decimal 0, followed by little-endian of more file-specific information.

5.  bfSize: contains information about the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file
    biSize: contains information about the size, in bytes, required by any structure
    The difference is that the biSize is for the structures that BITMAPINFO combines, the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure and a color
    table to offer a complete definition of the dimension and colors of a DIB, while bfSize is for the BITMAPFILEHEADER structure,
    which provides the size of the bitmap file, in bytes.

6.  If biHeight is negative, then the bitmap is a top-down DIB (Device-Independent Bitmap, which contains a color table describing
how pixel values correspond to RGB color values so DIB can achieve the proper color scheme on any device).
    Tod-down DIBs cannot be compressed so biCompression must be either BI_RGB or BI_BITFIELDS.


7.  The number of bits used for each color component of a single pixel (or color of a single pixel) specifies the color depth
of the BMP (bits per pixel).

8.  fopen may return NULL in 24 and 32 of copy.c if the programmer does not have permission to access that memory, e.g. to change files.

9.  The third argument of fread is always 1 in this code because there is one element (one pixel) for each byte.

10. sizeof(RGBTRIPLE): gives number of bytes occupied in memory by this type of object.
    Line 65 of copy.c assigns the value (4-(3*3)%4)%4 = 1 to the padding of bi.biWidth when it is 3.
    No padding needed for an even number.

11. fseek: sets the file position of the stream, &triple, to the offset, sizeof(RGBTRIPLE).

12. SEEK_CUR: current position of the file pointer
